Feature - Managed identity (#113)
microsoft/K2Bridge: docs/installation.md

## Requirements

### AKS

> You need an AKS cluster ([create an AKS cluster instructions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/kubernetes-walkthrough-portal#create-an-aks-cluster)) or any other Kubernetes cluster (version 1.14 or newer - tested and verified up to version 1.16. and a minimum of 3 node count).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need an AKS cluster ([create an AKS cluster instructions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/kubernetes-walkthrough-portal#create-an-aks-cluster)) or any other Kubernetes cluster (version 1.21.2 or newer - tested and verified with version 1.21.2. and a minimum of 3 node count).  
```
